[WIP/Help Wanted] CEP-7 CPython Version Support (#24)
conda-incubator/ceps: cep-7.md

<table>
<tr><td> Title </td><td> CPython Version Support </td>
<tr><td> Status </td><td> Draft </td></tr>
<tr><td> Author(s) </td><td> Travis Hathaway &lt;thathaway@anaconda.com&gt;</td></tr>
<tr><td> Created </td><td> May 18th, 2022</td></tr>
<tr><td> Updated </td><td> May 18th, 2022</td></tr>
<tr><td> Discussion </td><td> NA </td></tr>
<tr><td> Implementation </td><td> NA </td></tr>
</table>

## Abstract

> Decisions for which Python versions we support are currently made adhoc and in a manner
> which is not easily predicted by the conda community. In order for this to be a more organized
> process and to provide greater transparency, this document outlines the procedures we take to
> add support for newer CPython versions and how we drop support for older versions. Additionally,
> this document outlines our official schedule for when we add support and begin testing for new
> versions as well as when we drop support and stop testing for older version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decisions for which Python versions we support are currently made ad hoc and in a manner
which is not easily predicted by the conda community. In order for this to be a more organized
process and to provide greater transparency, this document outlines the procedures we take to
add support for newer CPython versions and how we drop support for older versions. Additionally,
this document outlines our official schedule for when we add support and begin testing for new
versions as well as when we drop support and stop testing for older versions.
```
